[Autogenerated] Hello.
My name is Josie.
I am very happy to welcome you back to these eclipse for Java developers,
schools and to the last major of these calls that will cover Java e projects
in eclipse connected with the Tomcat application server.
What are you going to learn?
A.
In this Majola Well,
you will begin by a quick overview of a structure over Java e application.
This module is not a mature about Jeffer e,
but about creating and deploying Java e applications.
Using eclipse, you will see how to connect a cliffs toe tomcat instance.
And by doing so,
you will also learn how to connect the clips to any Java e application
server and how to create a Java e project within eclipse using Maybourne
under standard Eclipse begins A for Java e.
You will then see how to run this project within Tomcat on how to
debug it on how to use may even tow package the Web application on distributed toe Any job I application server